the world is facing crisis
to provide humanity with food
must be produced more efficiently in the future
At the same time, we have to be careful with resources
the small-scale agriculture
played a big role in the field of biodiversity
Dennis and Rich Templeton and the people
the right quality of newspapers profit earlier big title Thomas Wörz
the purchase price will continue
despite the importance of this form of agriculture
Many sideline businesses are threatened with extinction
Difficult working conditions make the two in agriculture
only conditionally arise
Lucas ecological
But this is only possible
The future of agriculture does not only require measures to protect the environment
Soils and plants
but only see the country with more possible
"Useful and necessary" to manage their land
Applegate is an agricultural machine
with which the small agriculture returns to a technological one
The next point will be won
the farmer with manager must be able to operate with and and
want in the next 8 41 counters
for membership
but it is lost in the soil and it is possible to educate with it
Nature of the ways
The seeds now become their lucky day good things like carefully matched
dosage
Wunderlich said players ground
via intelligent sensors
the skull and Antarctica
with 1 5 of crude oil
they are missing the last but their partner country machines
are looked after by a local supplier
must be with the law
many networking of knowledge and competence
and technology
practical implementation
so that small farming still has the chance